DHCP = dynamic host configuration protocol
    Delivers IP adresses to the different devices on the network so they all 
    can comunicate with the network

ISP = Internet Service Provider
    the company you are buying and reciving your puplic IP adress from
        Ex. Yousee, at&t, fastspeed, and so on

Use 192.168.0.254 for your DHCP to make it easier to remember which IP is your server

DUP = A package type that isnt checked before its opened
    A sending something that isnt checked
    usually done to get to know the different devices on a network

we set up different DCHP's today and tired to change around a lot of things with them
    all the work we did was in Cisco packet tracer

When setting up a DHCP you need to do it in a cirtain order to get it to work
    1. you need to set a static IP adress for the server you want to give out the IP adresses to the other hosts in the network
        in the real world you need to set its static IP withing the network you have at the given location
    2. set the server to be a DHCP service in its settings
        in the settings you need to set it to DCHP
        Then you need to set from where its allowed to give out IP adresses from
            We reserved 10 ip adresses for things that would need its own static IP adress
        Then we conceted it to a switch that would then lead out to the devices that we wanted to had ip adresses
        Remember to check that your ports and systems are turned on!

We also learned to set up a DHCP for when you need to have different subnets in the network you are working in
    for this you will need to add another RC45 socket in the server and conect it to another switch, that switch will then bring out the other IP adresses from the new port you set in the server.
        You can conect as many servers and switches that you want depending on how you wanna set it up 
Theres a few different things you want to be minduful of when setting up a DHCP
    1. Make sure the cabels are conected right
    2. Make sure the static and DHCP service are on the same network otherwhise it wont be able to send IP's out to the devices on the network
    3. you cant have more than one DHCP on a service beard at once, it will make cross sections and mess with the all around conection around the network and will cause more than one machine to be able to have the same IP adress in resault causing non of them to work, so always set up another one instead


When you are setting up a DHCP setting the DHCP service settings right is really importnat
    Make sure the IP adresses its giving out is withing range of the network, if its outside the range given by the static IP and submask it wont be able to allow for comunication around your netwrok

doubble check that your static IP is set right!
    Within the network and submask as the IP range7submask you are reciving form your ISP

Make sure all your equiment and all your ports work and are turned on!
    setting up all the settings and everything is one thing so make sure its all turned on as well

